[Music]
put your palms together and pay
attention to this detail a person's
hands can tell you something about what
they're like in love they never lie and
they give more truthful information than
the person hears the love line and
deciphered the possible character
options put your palms together choose
the pattern you have and see for
yourself
one the lines are at the same level if
your partner has their love lines on the
same level
you're lucky they have serious
intentions and prefer constant
relationships they're rational and
dislike sharp turns in life also they
are a sensible person with a soft
character and they care about the
opinions of others to the left hand line
is lower this person prefers an older
partner and is wise beyond their years
the owner of these lines is good in love
romantic and independent from social
rules they often listen to their sixth
sense which is rarely mistaken 3 the
left-hand line is higher this person
doesn't rush to have a serious
relationship and neither do they
consider love their reason for happiness
so when they finally decide to choose
someone for life that will be a person
younger than themselves
or of a different nationalities they
love with their eyes and are
self-confident this is a stubborn and
independent person who easily overcome
hardship by the way the way you hold
hands with your partner is also
important you may not notice it but this
small gesture says a lot about your
relationship and the stage you're going
through as a couple let's find out the
real meaning behind different types of
hand-holding
number 1 down facing palm if you hold
hands this way it means your union is
based on affection but not on passion it
also reveals that whoever places the
palm facing downward
has a stronger personality often takes
the initiative and is more decisive
interlocked fingers interlace fingers
symbolize passion and a strong
connection between two people when
holding hands like this it is
important that both of you holds a hand
of the other person firmly it's not a
good sign if one of your hands is too
relaxed three the one finger hold this
type of hand holding means that both of
you prioritize your independence such
couples know how to respect each other's
space and privacy it can also indicate
that the couple is going through a
delicate moment when one of the two
feels the need to go back to just being
friends number four
reinforcements from the other hand if
you use reinforcements on the other hand
it usually means that things between you
two are getting serious unfortunately it
is not always a positive sign it can
also say that you're turning into that
crazy possessive type of partner number
five linked arms this hand hold is often
used when a couple is attending some
social event do they hold hands like
this every day it means those who take
their partner's hand seek protection or
feel a little bit insecure in their
relationship
number six holding fingers holding
fingers and slightly pulling the hand
may indicate that the couple is not in
the same place whoever pulls the hand
tries to make the partner take decisions
faster than he or she is used to it can
also be a sign that one of them is set
up with the routine in the relationship
number seven your partner avoid holding
your hand if your partner avoids holding
your hand it may be a sign that your she
is just not that into you however it may
also indicate shyness or a desire for
privacy
don't make snap decisions and keep
observing other signs in your
relationship you probably have nothing
to worry about
what do you think a healthy relationship
is share your thoughts in the comments
to stay on the bright side of life hit
the like button below the video and
click Subscribe
[Music]